Please note: This website includes an accessibility system.
Press for Accessibility for blind peoplewho use screen readers
Press for Accessibility menu
Abstract swirling particles
Lenovo Privacy Statement
Website Privacy

Products Privacy

Lenovo Products Privacy Statement
Lenovo recognizes that privacy is of great importance to individuals everywhere—our customers, website visitors, product users… everyone. This is why the responsible use and protection of personal and other information under our care is a core Lenovo value. To learn more about our privacy practices, please click any of the links below. If you have any further questions or concerns, please feel free to reach us at privacy@lenovo.com.

The privacy statement was last updated on March 5, 2024.

About this statement

What this statement applies to
Your privacy is important to Lenovo and Motorola.

This privacy statement applies to data collected through software and attached services provided by Lenovo and its affiliated companies, including Motorola Mobility LLC (“Motorola”) (collectively “Lenovo”) available for use on Lenovo Products, including personal computers (PCs), tablets, workstations, smartphones, smart office devices, virtual or augmented reality headsets, and Internet of Things (IoT) devices (collectively “Lenovo Products”). This statement also applies to Lenovo and Motorola software and attached services that you may use on non-Lenovo Products or devices. This privacy statement describes the information practices for Lenovo Products, including what types of information are collected, how Lenovo uses information and for what purposes; with whom information is shared; and how Lenovo protects information. It also describes your choices regarding use, access, correction and deletion of your personal information, among other topics.

Pursuant to regional laws and requirements, we may have separate privacy statements for certain products. Those privacy statements are supplementary privacy statements to this statement, and are intended to be consistent with the Lenovo privacy principles and practices described herein.

What this statement does not apply to
Lenovo also collects personal information via Lenovo’s websites and other sources. To learn more about our website privacy practices, please visit our website privacy statement. In addition, this statement does not apply to certain enterprise products and services provided by the Infrastructure Solutions Group (ISG, formerly Lenovo Data Center Group or DCG) and Lenovo's Service & Solutions Group (SSG), products and services provided by Lenovo Software (also known as Stoneware, Inc.); or to third party software and other services you install on or access through your Lenovo Product(s). Furthermore, this statement does not apply to certain products licensed by Lenovo to other companies including their affiliates.

Changes to this statement
If we make a change to this statement, we will make the previous version(s) available so that you can see when changes occurred and what they are. If we make any material changes to this statement, we will notify you by means of a notice on Lenovo’s website; in an applicable Lenovo Product or software experience; or by an email (sent to the email address specified in your account) at the time the changes become effective. Where applicable data protection laws require us, we will also seek your consent to any material changes that affect how we use or transfer your personal information. We encourage you to review this page periodically for the latest information on our privacy practices.

Review previous version.

Multi-user capabilities
Please note that secondary users and guest users of Lenovo Products that support such multi-user capabilities may not have the same ability to control settings, permissions, and choices related to information collection, use and sharing that the primary user may have.

What information does Lenovo collect; how is the information used; and is any personal information shared with third parties?

Lenovo collects information about you and your Lenovo Product(s) and uses this information to keep your Lenovo Product(s) working their best and help you make the most of them.

Lenovo does not use or disclose sensitive personal information of consumers. For consumers residing in California, United States, Lenovo adheres to Section 7027(m) of the California Consumer Privacy Act Regulations. Lenovo does not use sensitive personal information to infer characteristics about consumers.

Please note that, in certain circumstances, if you do not provide us with personal information where needed, we may not be able to provide you with the Lenovo Products, attached services, experiences or functionalities that you have requested. The following describes how we collect, use and share information about you or your product in certain contexts. To learn more about how specific applications may collect and use information, please see the sections of this statement entitled “Lenovo applications” and “Motorola applications”.

Your user profile
Your user profile may consist of information, including personal information, we may have gathered from you voluntarily while interacting with Lenovo, such as your use of certain areas of our websites; your Lenovo ID, MyAccount, Passport or Motorola ID account; your contact with our customer service representatives; Lenovo Product(s) registration information; and from certain Lenovo Products and services that you use. Your user profile allows Lenovo to:

Give certain Lenovo Products and services the information they need to function
Troubleshoot problems you may have with a Lenovo Product, service or website;
Suggest ways to make your Lenovo Products, services and our websites work better;
Provide you with news, updates, and information about your Lenovo Products and services; and
If you choose to receive marketing communications, provide you with information about additional Lenovo Products or services that you may be interested in.
Artificial Intelligence
Certain Lenovo products, applications, and services may use technologies and tools that are powered by machine learning and artificial intelligence. The purpose of these technologies and tools is to deliver and improve our products and services in an ethical way. If a particular Lenovo product, application, or service uses artificial intelligence to process personal information of our customers, consumers or users, we will describe those practices to the extent applicable and as required by law. Additionally, Lenovo may use data collected from products, applications, and services to train machine learning and artificial intelligence models.

The following sections describe in further detail the types of information that may be contained within a user profile, how Lenovo uses that information, whether that information is shared with any third parties, and certain choices you may have regarding the information.

Lenovo ID, Motorola ID and Lenovo Product registration
When you choose to create a Lenovo ID, a Motorola ID, register your Lenovo Product, or create an account through My Account or Passport, we will collect information, including personal information, about you and your Lenovo Product(s). We use your Lenovo ID or Motorola ID and related registration and account information to identify you including when you use certain of our software applications (such as Lenovo Vantage) and our interactive services (like our online stores and customer support sites).

If you choose to create a Lenovo ID or Motorola ID or to register your products, we will need to collect certain information from you such as your name, address, email address, language, region/country, product type/model, product serial number, date of product registration, and activation data about your operating system. We will use this information to administer your account or profile; provide services that you requested; and to provide you with communications, including marketing messages that you choose to receive from Lenovo. The information collected and retained by Lenovo for these purposes may be shared with our service providers so that they may provide data hosting, processing and marketing services to and on behalf of Lenovo.

You may change your Lenovo ID password or deactivate your Lenovo ID account by visiting account.lenovo.com and navigating to “My Profile” or submit a privacy request to Lenovo. You can manage your Motorola ID account by visiting accounts.motorola.com or submit a privacy request to Motorola.

Product functionality and usage
Certain Lenovo Products, software, and services automatically collect and store necessary performance information in order to operate. This information includes product and device identifiers, technical data, and other non-personal information. Some of this information may be transmitted to Lenovo’s servers. While you use your Lenovo Product(s), basic application installation information will also be collected automatically. This includes such things as whether an application is installed or enabled on your Lenovo Product.

The usage information we collect for this purpose does not directly identify you or your Lenovo Product(s) unless you have chosen to enable certain services such as “Enhanced Device Support” or “Help Improve” functionality on your Lenovo Products as described below and/or have opted-in to receive marketing communications from Lenovo.

We use this software usage information to analyze the performance of Lenovo applications; to develop enhanced improvements for future versions; and to send you service and support-related (e.g., non-marketing) communications. This information may be shared with our service providers, such as data hosting, processing and software development partners who support Lenovo Products.

If you wish to deactivate this information collection, you may do so in the privacy settings within the specific product or application. To deactivate the collection of certain software usage information, you can open the Lenovo Product’s settings application and turn off usage statistics collection (or a similarly worded option/toggle); or uninstall a particular application in the device’s control panel or through the settings menu.

Keeping your software up to date
We automatically collect certain limited non-personally identifiable information about your Lenovo Product(s) to identify whether the software you are using is the most up to date version, to provide you with software updates (including security updates), to develop new products and software features, and to fix bugs so that your Lenovo Product(s) run smoother and more efficiently.

Enhanced Device Support and Helping To Improve our products and services
You may choose to provide us with additional information about your use of Lenovo Products and software by enabling “Enhanced Device Support”, “Help Improve”, “User Experience Program”, or similar functionality on your Lenovo Product.

“Enhanced Device Support” on Motorola devices allows you to provide us with additional information about how you use your device so that we may provide more effective or enhanced customer support, including tailored troubleshooting or similar support services. On Motorola devices, you can select the “Enhanced Device Support” option at set-up or in Settings. You can later turn off this setting if you prefer.

You may also choose to provide us with additional information about how you use your Lenovo Product(s) and software to help improve Lenovo’s Products. This “Help Improve” option is normally found at set-up or in settings in your Lenovo Product or application. If you decide that you do not want to allow Lenovo to collect “Help Improve” information, you may turn off the option for this product data collection in the settings of your Lenovo Product or in a particular application (such as Lenovo Vantage), or uninstall the application.

The types of information that we may collect from you or your Lenovo Product in these contexts can include your Lenovo Product’s serial, device ID or IMEI number; product type/model; IP address; Lenovo Product usage information; and the phone number associated with a Lenovo or Motorola smartphone. This usage information may include information about how you use your Lenovo Product and its components, such as instrumentation and system functionality.

In the Lenovo PC context, unless you choose to be contacted by Lenovo, this information is kept in a non-personally identifiable format. In the Lenovo and Motorola smartphone context, “Enhanced Device Support” and “Help Improve” data identifies a user or device.

Such information may be used to:

Identify performance trends of Lenovo Products and software
Troubleshoot problems that you are having with your Lenovo Product or software
Develop new product features for future models
Deliver an overall better user experience
Send you non-marketing communications related to service and support for your Lenovo Product
Lenovo uses data hosting and processing services providers to support Lenovo in these “Enhanced Device Support”, “Help Improve”, and related activities.

Lenovo and Motorola applications – Additional details
The following sections describe how certain Lenovo and Motorola software applications handle your information. Please note that these descriptions may not include all Lenovo or Motorola applications available for or on your Lenovo Product. In addition, not all Lenovo Products support all Lenovo or Motorola applications, and different Lenovo or Motorola applications may be available to you and may vary, depending on which Lenovo Product(s) you own and where you are located. Some of the applications described below may be preloaded onto your Lenovo Product or made available for download via an online software or app store.

Lenovo applications
Lenovo Welcome
Lenovo Welcome is an in-device application that welcomes new users of Lenovo Products, including PCs. Within approximately 24 hours after setting up certain Lenovo Products, Lenovo Welcome initiates to help guide you through the Lenovo experience, including the features of your Lenovo Product; to introduce Lenovo Vantage (described below); to make special offers from Lenovo and its partners available to users who choose to receive them; and more. Lenovo collects only basic (non-personally identifiable) device and application-related information and metrics via Lenovo Welcome for these purposes.

Lenovo Vantage
Lenovo Vantage is an app that keeps your device up and running and helps you to do more with your PC or tablet. On Lenovo tablets, Lenovo Vantage provides basic device information, such as remaining storage space. Features and functionality of Lenovo Vantage on PCs include:

Customize your PC and tablet for how you use it with hardware setting controls.
Access to Lenovo Migration Assistant, an application that transfers files and settings from one PC to another one (described below).
Protect your PC and update important system software and drivers.
Evaluate system health and run diagnostics on your device.
Access to Lenovo Smart Performance, a Lenovo-delivered entitlement and performance insurance service designed to automatically fix issues that may present a risk to PC performance.
Access your system’s user guide, and get support.
Discover other fun and useful applications.
View accessories compatible with your device.
Receive offers on Lenovo and other products and services.
Check warranty, get updates and request support.
Get helpful tips and stay up-to-date on the latest technology news with articles from Lenovo.
Access online Wi-Fi securely with advanced algorithms and crowd sourced security data to preemptively warn you about risky networks, so you can make safe connections.
Lenovo Smart Lock, powered by Absolute®, is a cloud-based security solution that helps locate, lock, secure, and recover your stolen device and gives you complete control over your personal information.
Security Advisor contains a suite of security tools recommended by Lenovo and vetted by security professionals.
Customize, optimize, and monitor hardware components on gaming devices.
Download and install, redeem or recover software that is entitled to the device.
Need Help widget provides various customer support services (which are leveraged the Lenovo eSupport website: https://support.lenovo.com/us/en/), such as submitting repair orders, checking repair progress, purchasing replacement parts, booking support sessions with Lenovo service personnel, and removing temporary device files based on the user's informed consent.
Lena Chatbot enables you interact with a chat bot or live service agent to address a user's device issue or open a ticket for further processing by a customer service agent.
Lenovo Identity Advisor, powered by Norton®, makes it easy to monitor your personal information and help protect yourself from identity theft. To provide such services, your sensitive personal information, such as social security number may be needed, and will be directly transmitted to Norton.
Message Center is an in-app center for all missed toast messages and app alerts so you can review and take action on those messages later.
Modes adopts AI scene detection algorithm to identify the user scenario according to the apps the user is using and provide scalable settings to better serve the user scenario.
Lenovo Vantage will collect your PC/tablet's device identifiers and event and usage data, such as system functionality, application use and support information. In addition, if you set your PC to automatically update according to location or network accessibility, Lenovo Vantage will collect corresponding data, such as Wi-Fi and VPN information, to seamlessly update your system. This information will be stored on your PC, and information about your use of Lenovo Vantage may be shared with Lenovo only if you opt-in to such data collection. Lenovo does not share this information externally except for data hosting services and processors that Lenovo may use from time to time. For tablets, Lenovo Vantage can access certain device permissions such as reading the user’s Lenovo ID login status (synchronized with setting status), storage space, app usage, screen use time, and other information like the device’s serial number, Lenovo ID, country, and language. Lenovo Vantage also provides the Lenovo Help Library that can help users to check the status of a warranty or a repair order based on a specific serial number. Users are able to upgrade their warranty, do a hardware test, schedule a callback from an agent, or look for a service provider nearby. Tablet Vantage uses Google Firebase to analyze the usage data.

Lenovo Display Plus
Lenovo Display Plus allows users to save and launch commonly used layouts on their PC. A layout is the organization of windows that a user has open on their computer. Users can quickly switch between different saved layouts such as presentation layout, gaming layout, etc. Displays Plus works by recognizing locally saved apps and files and remembers the orientation and organization of the windows management. Display Plus can also detect files and apps that are currently open on the PC. We only collect basic information about the software such as version number in order to provide you with an updated version.

Lenovo Smart Appearance
Lenovo Smart Appearance is an AI-based application to improve video conferencing experience. It works as a virtual driver and can be loaded by multiple conference applications and online teaching or live streaming clients. This app helps users enhance camera effects, especially for video conferencing. It provides multiple functions such as smart configuration of facial features, background blur, eye contact correction, face framing, light correction and other effects in scenarios that use the camera. We collect metrics about how our application has been used in order to improve this software, which can be turned off at Settings. No personal data is collected.

Lenovo Aware
Lenovo Aware is a locally-operated software on a Lenovo PC that processes video streams locally in real time by accessing the built-in camera with user permissions to analyze user status and supplies functions including Break Reminder, Distance Detection, Sitting Posture Detection, Attention Detection and Fatigue Detection, etc. Lenovo Aware provides flexible settings to meet user-defined needs, including youth and general-mode options, reminder sensitivity, various thresholds and so on. In addition, Lenovo Aware also provides statistics for the user on PC usage time, sitting posture and other functions so users can adjust accordingly. Lenovo Aware does not collect any personal or user data. All images are processed locally. Lenovo only collects metrics and instrumentation data, such as function switches, general statistics, software usage time, function strictness settings and so on to improve software quality.

Lenovo Migration Assistant
Lenovo Migration Assistant (LMA) is a tool that helps move files and eases the setup of a new PC. LMA is launched via Lenovo Vantage and uses your Wi-Fi connection to allow you to send your files from one PC to another. You can log in to the LMA application on both PCs with your Lenovo ID account. To provide this functionality, LMA will have access to your operating system version, .NET framework version, brand of PC, brand of network adapter and Wi-Fi frequency. Lenovo does not collect or retain any personally identifiable information or your files when they are transferred using LMA. However, Lenovo does collect certain basic (non-personally identifiable) device and application-related data and metrics. Lenovo may use data hosting processing services providers to support these activities.

LMA may also provide you with the opportunity to use Dropbox as a file storage service if you choose. Please see Dropbox’s privacy statement and terms of use for more information on its privacy practices.

Lenovo System Health Manager
Lenovo System Health Manager allows users the ability to monitor the health of their PCs, optimize performance, and take action to avoid problems. To provide this functionality, the application will analyze certain basic (non-personally identifiable) device and application information, such as event, Windows build number, BIOS, embedded controller and device driver versions. If the user chooses to allow it, Lenovo will also collect anonymous usage stats, including information on the system’s power consumption and probable cause of any power-related issues.

Lenovo Device Manager
Lenovo Device Manager (LDM) is a cloud-based device management solution on the Lenovo UDS Platform. LDM provides a single pane of glass for IT Administrators to manage their Windows, Android and Linux devices, including PCs, tablets, edge and ARVR. IT Admins can remotely access device details, uptime, hardware and software assets. LDM also provides the ability to maintain and configure corporate policies through remotely accessing Lenovo desktops, managing BIOS settings, and maintaining security with software, BIOS, drivers and firmware updates. We use the AI technology powered by Pendo to provide usage analysis to improve interaction and overall user experiences while using Lenovo solutions. Data such as emails and roles within Lenovo solutions will be processed by Pendo for the sole purpose of analyzing the usage, accepting user feedback, and providing in-app guidance functionalities.

Legion Arena
Legion Arena is a game library manager that aggregates a user’s entire game library into one application. Users can manage games from Steam, Epic Games Store, Xbox Game Pass, and other popular game platforms through Legion Arena. Users can view detailed descriptions of every game in their library, see popular games being played by all users, and get access to exclusive rewards and giveaways. Lenovo does not collect any personal data, nor does Lenovo share any data with others. In addition, Lenovo is not partnered or associated with the aforementioned game platforms.

Legion Arena detects whether there is an update for the installed apps on certain Lenovo tablet products, and pops up tips for update. To provide this functionality, Legion Arena needs to detect the apps installed on the device, and collect the device SN number and software version number.

Legion Space
Legion Space is a gaming platform where users can buy games, manage them across platforms, and customize controls. Lenovo partners with third parties like Xbox and Metaboli (also known as Gamesplanet) to provide purchase and download services, sharing some data to bridge services.

Advanced Features (AI Experience Center/Lab features)
The Advanced Features (which has replaced AI Experience Center) app for tablets includes face unlocking, fingerprint unlocking and Wonder Experience Center (scene smart reminders). Scene smart reminders can extend screen-on time if the device detects a face in front of the screen and is about to shut off the screen. Close-to-wake-up wakes up the screen if the device detects a face approaching a locked screen. Distance reminder can remind a user to keep a proper viewing distance if the device detects a user’s face is too close to a screen. Global video beauty can enable filters and bokeh effects in video calls via third-party apps. To provide this functionality, Advanced features access the device’s camera. The camera detects only the user's status in front of the device. All user data is processed locally without leaving the device.

Cloud Folder
Cloud Folder (i.e. “Apps for You”) is a custom-made feature of launcher that recommends apps. These recommendations display only application icons, which are not stored or downloaded, and may be updated anytime. Cloud Folder collects Google Advertising ID (GID), impression and click of icons, and non-personal data such as the software version. You can turn off recommendations in Settings.

Smart Scanner
Lenovo Smart Scanner is a locally operated software on a Lenovo PC that processes photo taking with built-in camera, imported image/document editing (crop, combine, convert format), text extraction from image (OCR), website search in app, etc. Lenovo Smart Scanner does not collect any personal data from users. All documents are processed locally. Lenovo collects device ID, function usage to understand user needs and optimize feature design.

Lenovo Avatar Master
Lenovo Avatar Master partners with Ready Player Me to help users create their own avatar and customize the avatar's hairstyle, facial features, clothing, and accessories to fit the use in various scenarios. With virtual camera technology, the created avatar and background can be imported into third-party meeting and streaming platforms. The avatar can be operated by voice or camera, and with the help of some animations. The app collects Lenovo ID to synchronize data across the current device and other devices, and some behavioral data to improve user experiences. Camera and microphone permissions are needed to use this app.

ThinkSmart
ThinkSmart is Lenovo's solution that combines hardware (ThinkSmart Devices) and software to enhance collaboration in meetings and facilitates the management of those devices from a central place (ThinkSmart Manager). It collects devices data such as in-meeting status, peripheral disconnection, errors, online/offline status, for customers to manage their devices from ThinkSmart Manager. ThinkSmart devices are preloaded with Microsoft Team Room or Zoom. The use of ThinkSmart Manager is optional. Lenovo does not share any personal data with Microsoft or Zoom. Lenovo uses Datadog to gather logs and hosts the data on AWS.

UDS
Lenovo Cloud Platform is a multi-tenant SaaS platform for managing users, devices, and cloud services. It's certified with ISO/IEC 27001 and CSA STAR Level 2. Account creation might need organization details like name, location and billing. User access requires contact details like name, email, and phone number. Enrolled devices may report identifiers, including model, serial, MAC and IP addresses, and device IDs. Anonymous usage metrics may be collected when using the platform. The platform runs independently in various regions, with data primarily stored on Amazon AWS.

Motorola applications
Camera
Motorola's Camera application allows you to:

Tag your photos and videos with location data. When you share tagged photos with others, you will also share the location information. If you choose to geo-tag your photos and videos, Google Photos will use the information to help organize your views. Lenovo does not otherwise collect, retain or share this location information.
Launch the application without touching the screen by using contextual data derived from sensors to detect a launch gesture.
Take better pictures by using face detection and other analytics on what is in your viewfinder to deliver the best image, which may occur before or after you triggered the shutter. Face detection information stays on your phone and is not uploaded to Motorola or shared externally.
To help us troubleshoot performance issues, Camera will store image quality information in your photos’ metadata.

Device Help
Device Help (previously known as Moto Help) provides users with the following features:

Learn how to use your Motorola phone and fix issues
Moto Care – Check device warranty status, buy extended warranty and accident protection (US only)
Device diagnosis – Check operation of hardware components, including battery, touch screen, speakers, cameras, Wi-Fi, and sensors
Contact us – Options for contacting Support, including chat (some models only), email (some models only), Twitter, Messenger (India, US only), WhatsApp (India only), and to access user forums (English, Spanish, and Portuguese)
Service center – Search for service centers near you (India only)
If Device Help is used, Motorola may collect product serial number, IMEI or other device ID; IP address; MAC address; product usage information; application performance information; and, if Moto Care or Contact Us functionality is used, user name and contact information. Motorola may use data hosting, processing and customer service providers to support Motorola’s customer service and Device Help activities.

Digital TV
Where supported, Motorola Digital TV brings a broadcast TV experience to your mobile device, with the additional support of the Electronic Program Guide (EPG) and Ginga for user interactivity. Users may also record the TV programs they like and choose when to watch their favorite programs. Digital TV collects certain non-personally identifiable application event-based data, such as which channels are launched via Digital TV.

Moto (Personalize, Gestures, Tips, Display, Play)
Moto makes your device more responsive by giving you more ways to control and interact with it. Moto makes it easier for you to get important notifications, control your device with your voice and gestures, and automate useful settings changes depending on where you are or what you may be doing at the time.

Gestures (formerly Moto Actions) makes it easier to interact with your Motorola products by letting you use simple gestures to perform tasks quickly. For example, through Gestures (Moto Actions) you can:

Twist your wrist quickly to open the camera anytime.
Swipe down to the left or right to make the screen smaller for one-handed use.
Turn your flashlight on or off by making two “chopping” motions; among other actions.
Moto Display will show important notifications on the screen of supported products so you can get quick access to them without having to power on the screen or unlock your home screen. Moto Display accesses certain content like your contacts, calendar entries, along with other apps and the notifications they send you.

To complete these tasks, Moto:

Collects information about your Motorola device’s current location and uploads it to Motorola to help identify places of interest and to determine when you may be in a vehicle.
Uses contextual data obtained from your Motorola device’s microphone and sensors like the accelerometer and gyroscope to determine when to activate certain modes, but does not upload it to Motorola.
Accesses user-generated content like your calendar entries, contacts, and call history, but does not upload it to Motorola.
Motorola uses data hosting and processing service providers to support these activities. In addition, Moto utilizes Google Activity Recognition to help understand contextual data and determine which modes to activate. Once transferred to Google, the contextual data is handled in accordance with Google’s Terms of Service and Google’s privacy policy. Google’s privacy policy also provides further information on Google’s data collection and protection practices related to other Google analytics and product development tools that Motorola may use from time to time.

Moto Face Unlock
If enabled on certain Motorola devices, Moto Face Unlock lets you unlock your device by looking at the display. To function, the device will need to “enroll” your face detection information (using the Camera permission) in the data/cache area of the device. This face enrollment information will not be uploaded to Motorola and will not be shared with third parties. You may later delete your face enrollment information via device Settings.

Moto Fingerprint Unlock
If enabled on certain Motorola devices, Moto Fingerprint Unlock lets you unlock your device with your fingerprint. To function, the device will need to “enroll” your fingerprint detection information in the data/cache area of the device. This fingerprint enrollment information will not be uploaded to Motorola and will not be shared with third parties. You may later delete your fingerprint enrollment information via device Settings.

Motorola Family Space (when used on a single device)
Family Space limits your device to a single “Space” and lets you control which applications are available. You can turn on a Space when you let a child use your device, or to protect against accidental gestures. You can create multiple Spaces and choose which applications are available for use within each Space. If you have enabled Enhanced Device Support or Help Improve functionality on your Motorola Products, usage information we collect from Family Space includes metrics like (a) how many Spaces are used, (b) number of apps used inside each Space, (c) which grid layout is used, and (d) how long the Space is in use; usage data does not include what occurs inside any Space.

Motorola Family Space (when used to connect multiple devices)
Family Space can also let you stay connected with family members and remotely manage their devices. You can add grandparents, kids, and other relatives to your Family Space account and determine, together, whether a family member’s device will be “managed” or “non-managed”. To use Family Space device management features, you must have a Motorola ID and the user who creates a family on the application is the Account Owner. The Account Owner and other family members who are entitled to use remote device management features are Family Space Administrators (“Admins”) and can monitor and set rules for managed devices; rules include what applications can be used and limits on screen time. All the individuals connected to the Account Owner’s Family Space account (“Family Members”) can see a simplified view of other Family Members’ profiles and their locations on a map.

The Account Owner can invite other individuals to use Family Space and connect to the Account Owner’s Family Space account by entering into the application the individual’s email address. Before submitting an individual’s email address, the Account Owner must obtain the individual’s consent to sharing their email address for the purpose of using Family Space. Motorola will use the email address to transmit the invitation and connect the individual’s device to the Account Owner’s Family Space account. Once connected, the individual is considered a “Family Member” for purposes of this statement.

Admins are responsible for setting up devices intended for use by minors under the age of 16. This includes installing the Family Space application on the managed device, pairing the device to the Admin’s Family Space account, and granting device permissions necessary for Family Space to function as intended (in particular, setting rules about which applications will be available and the amount of permitted screentime). Parents are encouraged to use the pairing process as an opportunity to discuss with their children how Family Space will make information about them available to parents and other Family Members.

Admins select and control the profile pictures for each Family Member. Profile pictures are displayed to all Family Members. If you wish to change the picture associated with your Family Space profile, contact an Admin.

Family Space will make available to Admins the list of installed applications on managed devices so they can set rules about which applications can be used on those devices. Family Space does not process the list of installed applications on non-managed devices.

Family Space will collect and maintain the last-known location of Family Members’ devices when those devices have the sharing of location data turned on. For managed devices, Admins determine whether the sharing of location data is enabled. Users of non-managed devices can choose whether to enable the sharing of their location data with Family Members and can change their preferences at any time through the Family Space settings menu.

To enable Family Space remote management features, certain data is transmitted to Motorola and stored for your use, including profile pictures and last-known device locations. Lists of applications installed on managed devices are also transmitted and stored for use by Admins. These types of information are stored so Family Space users have ready access to this information when they need to use it.

Family Space will automatically send to Motorola and share with Family Members your device model and manufacturer. This data is shown in your user profile.

Family Space can collect and report usage information to Motorola to improve its products and services. When Family Space is used to connect with Family Members and remotely manage devices, each device user decides, for their device, whether to share usage data with Motorola. The types of usage data collected by Motorola include your role in Family Space, as well as metrics like the number of Family Members and how often certain features are used or updated.

Certain Family Space application data is transferred to Motorola, including last-known device location data, profile pictures, lists of applications installed on managed devices, and usage data. This information is securely stored and processed on servers located in the United States with access restricted to approved members of Motorola’s production and support teams to provide you with technical and customer support. Motorola does not record or store any history of locations visited by any device and any list of applications installed on a managed device is deleted at the time the device is removed from the Account Owner’s family. Other application data is stored for three years after last interaction.

Moto Feedback
Moto Feedback lets you rate your device and share feedback with Motorola and Lenovo to help Motorola and Lenovo make improvements that enhance the hardware and software experience. To provide functionality, Moto Feedback will collect Motorola device ID, your contact information and certain non-personally identifiable device and application event and analytics information; you have the option to add a screenshot. Motorola and Lenovo may use third party data hosting and processing service providers to support these activities. External software development partners may also have access to certain non-personally identifiable feedback information in order to troubleshoot problems or to improve the Motorola device experience.

Motorola Marketplace
Motorola conducts business brokerage activities via a platform (Motorola Marketplace) through which business partners sell their own products and services. If you use Motorola Marketplace, we may share with these partners your personal information, such as name, Social Security number, email address, billing and shipping address, telephone number and payment information as necessary to conduct business and/or complete their respective transactions. Motorola Marketplace may contain links to web sites or applications of these partners or other third parties, and the personal data you provide on such web sites or applications is not subject to this Privacy Statement, and we are not responsible for the processing of your personal data by such websites or applications. To learn how our partners handle your personal data, please review their privacy statements.

Hello You and Motorola Notifications
Where available, Hello You and Motorola Notifications provide tips for using your Motorola device, information and diagnostics for the device; allow you to receive technical assistance and customer service via chat or phone; and provide customized content and communications based on your interests, such as entertainment, news, sports and more.

If you choose to use Hello You, you must log in to the app with your Google account information. To function, Hello You collects your Motorola device identifiers, Google account information, IP address, user interactions with app content, list of applications installed on your device, and certain related device and app usage data while using Hello You. We use the information described to measure the use of our app; to improve the content of our app; and to provide tailored recommendations and content for each user, which may include targeted advertisements. We may also use your device IP address to collect information about your general location through your device IP address. For Hello You to provide tailored content, you must provide your interests in areas such as entertainment, sports, politics, business and technology. To deliver this experience, Motorola may share this information with its content and marketing partners, such as news services, marketing agencies and advertising partners; and with data hosting and processing service partners. You may choose to disable the Hello You app at any time and you may also modify your selected areas of interest by accessing the preferences in your account settings page.

Motorola Notifications allows you to receive product related information and offers from Motorola and select partners that are relevant to you, including notifications on software updates, tips & tricks, information about new products and services, and invitations to participate in studies or surveys to help improve Motorola’s products and services. If you opt-in to receive marketing communications via Motorola Notifications, Motorola will send these communications as “push” notifications on your device and Motorola will collect your name, contact information, Motorola device identifiers, and non-personally identifiable device and application metrics and instrumentation data. The information collected may be shared with data hosting and processing service providers, marketing agencies and advertising partners, and survey research partners of Motorola so that they can support activities for Motorola Notifications. You may opt out of receiving push notifications at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe button in the app or by using the unsubscribe option that is presented when you click on the notifications you receive.

Moto Body
The Moto Body application, which is no longer supported by Motorola but which may still be used on certain smart watches, uses sensors built into the wearable device to collect wellness-related data like your heart rate, step count, and calories so you can track your progress towards daily and weekly activity goals. You can also create a wellness profile by providing demographic information like your height, weight, gender, and age. This will help your Moto Body provide more accurate wellness information. If you use the Moto Body Running feature, Moto Body will also track and display your location on your device.

Moto Body can upload your wellness profile, data, and location to our cloud and add it to your user profile. We use this information to provide you with access to more accurate wellness information like activity statistics over time.

To delete a run, touch  > Running. Touch the run you want to delete, then touch > Delete run. To remove all your Moto Body activity data, contact privacy@motorola.com.

Except for data hosting and processing services that may be used by Motorola, none of the information described above is shared externally.

Ready For
Ready For allows you to connect your Motorola smartphone with your PC, control your phone from your PC, transfer files between your phone and PC, share your phone’s 5G connection with your PC, use your phone’s camera with PC applications, and more. Ready For application features, functions, and designs vary by device or region. Motorola collects non-personally identifiable device and application-related information and metrics.

Mototalk
Mototalk is an application and web-based platform that provides customers with instant communication (via push-to-talk calls and messages) and location tracking. For more information on Mototalk’s privacy practices, see the Mototalk and EquipApp Privacy Statement and Terms of Use.

The following sections describe additional situations in which Lenovo may collect, use and/or share personal or non-personal information about you. Some of this information may also be retained as part of your Lenovo user profile, described above.

Marketing, promotions, surveys, and events
If you receive marketing, advertising or promotional communications from Lenovo and/or its partners - such as via e-mail or in-product push notifications - or if you choose to participate in an event, contest or survey, we will collect personal and non-personal information about you to help us manage these campaigns and communications, or to facilitate your participation. We may collect your name, address, email address, phone number, age or date of birth, Lenovo Product information, your user profile data and additional personal information you choose to provide. We may use this information to send you product support notices; announcements; newsletters; and, when allowed by applicable laws, invitations to complete customer satisfaction surveys.

Lenovo and selected service providers or partners – including marketing, advertising, surveys and events companies - may also use the information you provide to conduct promotional, customer satisfaction or product support activities on Lenovo’s behalf or as part of a joint event or promotion between Lenovo and that company. Lenovo may also use data hosting and processing service providers to support these activities, as well as external tools to help us learn more about consumer trends, marketing email open/click rates, and so forth. In addition, we may acquire data from third party sources, such as consumer research firms, to supplement the information that we collect from you.

You will receive transactional communications from Lenovo such as order confirmations. You are not required to subscribe to receive Lenovo marketing communications to purchase a product from Lenovo. You may choose to unsubscribe by following the instructions included in those communications; by changing your preferences in your account settings; or you can submit a request to Lenovo or submit a request to Motorola.

Loyalty programs
Lenovo may offer its customers the opportunity to participate in loyalty programs that offer discounts, coupons or other incentives. While these programs are entirely optional and participation is not a requirement for purchasing from Lenovo, they require the collection of certain personal information from you if you do choose to participate.

The information collected for purposes of enrolling and participating in a Lenovo loyalty program may include your name, address, email address, phone number, age or date of birth, Lenovo Product information, your user profile data, and possibly additional personal information you choose to provide. This information may be shared with service providers or partners of Lenovo to manage loyalty programs on Lenovo’s behalf. Lenovo may also use third party data hosting and processing companies to support these activities. You may end your participation in a Lenovo loyalty program by following any steps set forth by the applicable loyalty program rules.

Single Sign-On from your social media accounts
You may be able to access Lenovo Product experiences, such as Lenovo Vantage, and Lenovo account information by signing on through various social media sites such as Facebook, Google, Microsoft, Twitter, WhatsApp, etc. If you choose to sign on using these services, Lenovo may collect personal information from your social media account including your public profile, email address, age or date of birth, contact lists, interests, likes, and current city. Your social media service provides this information to Lenovo pursuant to your social media profile settings and that site’s terms of service.

Lenovo may append this information to your Lenovo profile and may use this information to help inform our marketing campaigns and to send you marketing communications you have chosen to receive. The information provided may be dependent on the privacy setting you have with your social media account. Please see the privacy statements of your applicable social media services for further information.

Customer service, quality monitoring, and repair
Certain Lenovo Product and service support activities may also involve you contacting Lenovo or Lenovo contacting you, including by phone, email or chat. Please note that, in these cases, we may record calls and chat session transcripts for staff training and quality assurance purposes. To provide you with the service or support that you have requested, such as requesting technical support or repair under a warranty for your Lenovo Product, Lenovo customer service personnel may also collect and access personal information about you, such as your user profile, account information, contact information, Lenovo Product and service identifiers, and information about how you use your Lenovo Product and service.

Some Lenovo customer service personnel work for service providers that supply such services to Lenovo and its customers and may have access to information about you in this context. Lenovo may use data hosting, processing and communications service providers, such as online and AI-powered chat tools, to support these activities.

In addition, authorized Lenovo distributors, resellers or repair providers for Lenovo Products may also have access to certain customer service, quality assurance and product information described herein to support your product or to provide a service that you have requested, such as repair services under a warranty for your Lenovo Product.

Mergers and acquisitions
Circumstances may arise when Lenovo decides to sell, buy, merge, or otherwise reorganize businesses in some countries. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information. Such a transaction may involve the disclosure of personal information to prospective or actual purchasers or receiving it from sellers.

Legal requirements and to enforce Lenovo’s rights
It is possible that personal information will be subject to judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants, orders, or criminal and anti-fraud investigations. Therefore, when we believe in good faith that the law requires it, we may disclose personal or other information to regulatory or government bodies, courts of law, tribunals, and law enforcement agencies. We may also need to disclose personal or other information to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, or to investigate theft or fraud. In addition to the above, there may be circumstances that require us to disclose your personal information to other parties, including, but not limited to, legal advisers or debt collection agencies.

Does Lenovo sell my personal information?

Lenovo does not sell (as “sell” is traditionally defined) personal information of customers of any age. Some privacy laws, however, classify certain sharing of personal information for advertising purposes as a “sale” even though recipients of the data are subject to contract terms with Lenovo that severely limit their rights to use and retain the information that Lenovo shares with them. In the 12 months prior to the publication of this Statement, Lenovo has shared to advertisers, ad networks, advertising partners, and advertising measurement providers, pursuant to written contracts, the following categories of personal information:

Identifiers including, device identifiers, IP addresses, browser cookies, and other unique online identifiers;
Internet activity information including data about a consumer’s interaction with an Internet website, application, service, or advertisement;
User Profile information including email address and location information; and
Inferences drawn from Personal Information, including preferences, interests, and other data used to personalize a consumer’s experience.
Lenovo may shares these categories of personal information with Lenovo's third- party service providers and partners for cross contextual behavioral advertising purposes, to target ads, to provide analytics and reporting related to the effectiveness of advertising, to support Lenovo Products, and/or to provide additional services to Lenovo and its customers and product users. In doing so, Lenovo takes appropriate steps to ensure that these service providers and partners are meeting Lenovo’s standards of robust privacy and strong security.

Does Lenovo transfer my personal information internationally?

Lenovo is a global organization, with legal entities, business processes, management structures, and technical systems that cross borders. Therefore, where permitted by law, we may share your personal information within Lenovo (including to subsidiaries, affiliates and parent companies) or our service providers and business partners and may transfer it to countries in the world where we do business (including, but not limited to, the United States of America and People’s Republic of China). Regardless of where your information is transferred to and resides, our privacy and security practices are designed to provide protection for your personal information globally.

Some countries have privacy laws that are not equivalent to privacy laws in your own country and your data could be requested by law enforcement agencies in those jurisdictions. In such countries, Lenovo will still handle information in the manner we describe here and will take such measures as are necessary to comply with applicable data protection laws when transferring and processing your information. Where required, Lenovo will also maintain agreements between Lenovo group companies or with Lenovo partners or service providers to govern the transfer, processing and protection of personal information.

To help effectuate transfers of personal information globally including from and within the European Union, European Economic Area, Switzerland and United Kingdom, Lenovo uses different means to comply with local requirements, including but not limited to Standard Contractual Clauses and government approvals.

How long will my personal information be retained?

Lenovo intends to retain information, including personal information, only as long as necessary for business or other compelling purposes; and to securely delete personal information when those purposes of use have been satisfied. We will retain your information, including personal information, for as long as any of the following circumstances apply:

Your account or subscription is active
To provide you with services or support that you may have requested
To ensure required functionality and performance of Lenovo Products and websites, including responsibilities under our product warranties
To comply with applicable laws, including for tax and audit purposes
To enforce Lenovo’s rights, including litigation and debt collection
How is my information protected?

We use standard technical and organizational measures when we transmit information from Lenovo Products to our servers, when we store data, and when we share it with third parties. For example, we use encryption when necessary while transmitting sensitive information to keep your information secure. When sharing your information with third parties, we will take reasonable and appropriate steps to contractually require that such parties protect and use your information responsibly.

Lenovo Products may also include security features designed to help you protect the information you store on your Lenovo Product(s). These may include solutions like encryption; passwords, PIN, face and fingerprint unlock; and remote control over your Lenovo Product(s) so you can locate, lock, and erase lost or stolen products. You can learn more about available features by accessing the Security Settings on your Lenovo Product(s).

However, please remember that no product, software, or data transmission can be guaranteed to be one hundred percent secure. As a result, while we have taken appropriate steps to protect your product(s) and your information, Lenovo cannot ensure or otherwise warrant the security of your Lenovo Product(s) or any information you provide to us. By using Lenovo Products, you do so at your own risk. For more information on Lenovo Product security and how to contact Lenovo’s Product security team with questions or security vulnerabilities, please visit the Lenovo Product Security site.

What about my child’s privacy?

Unless otherwise stated for a specific product or service, Lenovo Products are intended for adults and children aged 16 and over, or equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction, who have permission from their parents or legal guardians to use them. Lenovo does not knowingly collect data from children as defined by applicable law without the prior consent of their parents or legal guardians or as otherwise permitted by law.

If Lenovo learns a child under the age of 16, or equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction, has submitted personal information to Lenovo, we will take appropriate steps to delete the personal information as soon as possible and not use it for any purpose. Lenovo encourages parents to take an active role in their children’s use of Lenovo Products and to inform them of the potential dangers of providing personal information about themselves.

What are my data protection rights?

Applicable data protection laws may give you the right to control our use and processing of your personal information. These may include the right to:

Request confirmation, access to and a copy of your personal information
Request rectification or erasure of your personal information
Object to processing of your personal information
Withdraw your consent*
Restrict processing or to opt-out of any sale of your personal information
Data portability
*Where we are using your personal information with your consent, you also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, though this will not affect our uses of your personal information prior to the withdrawal of your consent. In addition, you may have the ability to review, correct or delete certain personal information via your Lenovo account if you have one and/or via your Lenovo Product or application settings.

To exercise your rights as described above, submit a privacy request to Lenovo or submit a privacy request to Motorola. We will review, respond to, and act upon any such requests in accordance with applicable data protection laws.

Please note that we will take steps in accordance with applicable law and our privacy and security standards to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or otherwise complying with your request. If you have a Lenovo account, we may verify your identity by requiring you to sign in to your account. If you do not have a Lenovo account, or an email address on file with us, then we may request additional limited information from you in order to verify your identity. Please note that if you do not have an account with Lenovo, or an email address on file, or if we are unable to verify your identity in our records, we may deny your request.

You may also use an authorized agent to submit a request under this section on your behalf. If you choose to have an authorized agent submit such a request on your behalf, Lenovo will require: (i) You to provide the authorized agent written permission to do so; and (ii) your agent to verify their identity directly with Lenovo. Lenovo may deny a request from an agent that does not meet these requirements.

In addition, you have the right to raise questions or complaints with your applicable national data protection authority at any time. You also have the right to not be discriminated against for exercising your privacy rights.

How may I contact Lenovo and Motorola’s Privacy Program?

To exercise your rights as described above submit a privacy request to Lenovo or submit a privacy request to Motorola.

If you have any additional questions about this privacy statement, you can contact Lenovo at privacy@lenovo.com or Motorola at privacy@motorola.com, or the following addresses:

United States:
Lenovo
Attn: Privacy Program
8001 Development Drive
Morrisville, NC, USA 27560

Brazil:
Lenovo Tecnologia (Brazil) Ltda.
Acc: Brazilian Privacy and Data Protection Team
Rua Werner Von Siemens, 111
Lapa de Baixo, São Paulo/SP
CEP 05069-900
Data Protection Officer: Diogo Manganelli

China:

Legal Department
No.10, Lenovo West Zone, Xibeiwang East Road, Haidian District, Beijing
Zip code: 100094

Additional Lenovo customer service information, including phone and chat contacts, may be found at lenovo.com/contact.

Additional Motorola customer service information, including phone and chat contacts, may be found at motorola.com/support
